So we've just created a program that isn't going to air out hopefully at least with value errors and
0 Division errors but sometimes errors and exceptions can be so severe that we do want to stop our programs
from running.
We do want to catch them like this with the accept block.
But at the same time also stop whatever the program is doing maybe instead of print we actually want
to display that red here and says oh something bad is happening.
Stop that.
Well in that case we either don't use the asset block or in here we can say raise value here.
Now this is rare that you'd have to do this.
There are some specific use cases but here you would just write a message saying hey cut it out so that
if I run this well if I type in a valid number I get Please enter a number.
OK I'm finally done because I raise a value area and it throws in here into the accept block.
So I'd have to remove this and if I remove this like this and hit run enter five and look at that I
get a value error.
Hey cut it up so I'm able to throw my own errors.
So this is really useful if you're creating your own library or tool and you want to let the user know
that an error happened.
I'm not going to keep doing what you're doing.
And this could be any type of error.
You can also do something like exception and if I click Run here do five I get an exception.
Hey cut it up.
The key thing to remember with errors is that errors are unavoidable in programming.
What your job is as a programmer is to be able to anticipate these errors.
These bugs these exceptions and handle them properly in your programs and some of the biggest errors
happen when we're trying to accept input from a user not just using this input but functions accepting
arguments classes accepting different inputs from users like method calls and trying to change attributes
when the outside world and our programs try to communicate with each other.
Errors are bound to happen.
Our job as programmers is to try and code in a way that handles these exceptions gracefully and we can
anticipate these errors.
There's no such thing as a perfect program.
However we can try and do our best to learn from these errors and try to manage them so that our programs
don't break.
I'll see in the next one.
Bob.